thank you for joining us it's 6 months
since Israel launched its war on Gaza in
what the international court of justice
regards as a plausible case of genocide
it began after Hamas attacked Southern
Israel on October the 7th killing more
than
1,100 people since then Israel's
bombardment of the strip has killed more
than 33,000 Palestinians nearly half of
them children most of the population
around 1.7 million people has been
displaced another round of ceasefire
negotiations is set to to resume in
Cairo in the coming hours an Israeli
delegation is expected to attend and
Hamas has confirmed it's also sending
representatives in some of the latest
fighting on the ground the armed wing of
Hamas the Kasam brigad say it's they've
killed a Fighters 14 uh Israeli soldiers
rather during confrontations in Kan
Yunis in southern Gaza the battles were
centered around Al Amal and Alana
neighborhoods the Israeli Army has
confirmed at least four of its soldiers
were killed in southern Gaza
our military is still engaged in the
Gaza Strip in southern Gaza Brigade 98
is engaged in conun particularly in the
al-amal neighborhood their soldiers are
engaged in brutal and fierce combat from
close range we also are conducting
aerial strikes in conun in order to
destruct terrorist infrastructure
currently we are finalizing the
destruction of three tunnels being used
in attacks one of which traverses into
Israel the tunnels were discovered by
the Israeli military as they were
establishing checkpoints in the area
live now to Al jazer hanim Mahmud in
Rafa so six months on and the fighting
rages on Han bring us up to speed with
the latest including this Ambush on
Israeli soldiers in southern
Gaza right well 6 months into this
genocidal War there is still a great
support for it among Israelis nanaho
cell is in charge and no signs of
slowing down the genocidal acts and the
atrocities and the mass arrest and
massing across the Gaza Strip just
overnight attacks are continue on over
crowded ra City where several people
were critically injured transferred to
and already exhausted uh uh almost at
the brink of collapsed health facility
that's a Nar Hospital in the Central
Area we're looking at more attacks
happening at the western part of the
Central Area mainly on refugee camps but
perhaps the worst of what's happening
right now is in kanun city and just
remind our viewer the Israeli military
has been operating on the ground
aggressively uh for the past four months
in the city of Khan Unis mly destroying
a close to 90% of its residential
buildings public facilities as well as
uh the the infrastructure and driving
the population out into further Southern
Park
or the Central Area making them
displaced people right now the eastern
part of City area where according to uh
civil defense crew and and and and
eyewitnesses who managed to get to the
area to inspect the the sheer level of
Destruction report about shocking level
of destruction of all means of life
including schools health facilities and
Clinics and residential homes and
infrastructure all going and that's
where uh an ambush according to a
statement released by Hamas military
Wing Alam Brigade that they ambushed
three Mara tanks in the Zenna area
that's the eastern part of of the city
and has been getting under bombardment
for the past weeks and since the
beginning of the war uh Hamas reported
the military wing of Hamas reported in a
statement that nine people were killed
in the Ambush and in a separate attack
three more that brings the total into uh
into 13 uh people uh who have been uh
four other people killed they bring the
total into four people who have been
killed meanwhile in the western part of
Khan Unice the Israeli military is still
at Al AML neighborhood that's where Al
AML health facility Al AML hospital is
located operating aggressively the
military issued a statement saying that
it is working on dismantling uh
terrorist infrastructure and a running
extreme fight on the ground but
according to eyewitness there Israeli
military is continue to justify The
Killing and the destruction of largest
civilian population on the ground and
honey where do things stand as far as
more Aid getting into Gaza Israel had
said it would open the areas Crossing
into Northern Gaza has that happened at
all not at all we don't see any signs of
any significant change in terms of flow
of human Aid and Food Supplies the
trucks into the Gaza Strip the fact that
we we're seeing that there're miles on
on the other side of the borders where
Miles of trucks have been prevented and
and land Crossing and be virtually
closed in front of humanitarian Aid and
from the northern part we know after the
phone call that was described as a very
tough phone call between Biden and nany
the Israeli military announced new
measures on the ground to allow more
humanitarian aid but it has been
almost 48 hours since the announcement
of these measure measures but none
nothing is happening on the ground
nothing has it changed significantly
with the the famine is spreading so
quickly and more people are dying in
another part uh it there need to be more
Swift actions uh uh to protect and save
lives and protect them from the danger
of family but on the ground no signs of
any significant change has has been
visible thank you very much for the
update that's Al jazer hanim Mahmud
reporting there live from Rafa